fix(SEP-2322): Explicitly support extending ResultType (#2773)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: docs/specification/draft/basic/index.mdx

- A `resultType` of `"complete"` indicates the request completed successfully and the result contains the final content.
- A `resultType` of `"input_required"` indicates the request is incomplete and more information is needed to process the request. The result contains an `InputRequiredResult` object with additional information needed.

> - A `resultType` of any value unrecognized by the client **MUST** be considered invalid. This field is open to extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extensions MAY add additional `ResultType` values. The set of supported `ResultTypes` MUST be created from the set defined in the core protocol and include any additional values of supported extensions that are advertised via capabilities.
-A `resultType` of any value unrecognized by the client **MUST** be considered invalid.
```
